Could you tell us some things you may remember from
the Depression?
Well, honey, of course,
it was keener then than it would be now because
they'd have so much more help now than they did
then. But during the Depression, Brown was not
such a big city. And she didn't have all of these
schools, these wonderful, wonderful
educational schools that we have. I don't know how
many we have, but we have a great many because when I
came up, there was only one school and one for the
Negroes, the blacks, as I'd call them. But nobody
really and truly suffered, but they... They were
deprived of many of their
comforts and pleasures for a long time after that,
because it takes a long time to accumulate what
goes with those floods.
Do you remember anything about the World War I or
World War II? Well, no, except that just like any
other town, we had to give up some of our finest
boys.
And everybody was patriotic, too. As
long as you could be patriotic,
boys were called and they went. I'd just like to go
back a few steps now. You were telling me about your
sister who married a man from here, your father's
sister? Uh-huh. Do you know how they came to settle
in this area? No, I don't. You don't? Where was your
family from before they came here? Arkansas. My
father was born and raised in Arkansas, and my
mother was raised, born in Nashville, Tennessee.
So your grandparents came to America? Yes. From
where? My great-grandfather. Oh. Yes. Where did
he come from? Huh? Where did he come from? Came from
Ireland, I think. But I'm not positive about that.
This book here, I think, will tell it because I've
got the, you want to put that in there, don't you?
I have the tree right here and pictures of the,
there's the tree right here.
One landed in Pennsylvania, you see. That's the
one I went on the DAR on.
See, it starts from here.
This, I don't know where the original...
what brought P.R. Smith out here. But as a young
man, he wanted to come. And his wife came with him,
which her name was Nancy, Nanny. And they called
her Nancy. And she died here. And her little
four-year-old son did also. And they're buried
here in the Brown City Cemetery. About how big was
Bryan as far back as you can remember? What is it?
About how big was Bryan? Oh, it was not big at all,
honey. You could walk anywhere you wanted to walk
around town. There was very little going this way
at all, man, this way. They seemed to be going more
this way. More north? But that was just a few that
went that way. But Brian built,
I thought, pretty fast. We thought we were just as
rich as pieces when the iron gin came in. And that
was before my marriage. The what? That was before
my marriage. What kind of gin? In 1900 and more.
Oh. Okay. They had a big barbecue, big barbecue
over by the Kemp High School. That's the black...
Thank you.